README.md, before:

# OpenTogetherTube

[![CI/CD](https://github.com/dyc3/opentogethertube/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/dyc3/opentogethertube/actions/workflows/main.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/dyc3/opentogethertube/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/dyc3/opentogethertube)
[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=dyc3_opentogethertube&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=dyc3_opentogethertube)
[![Docker size](https://img.shields.io/docker/image-size/dyc3/opentogethertube)](https://hub.docker.com/r/dyc3/opentogethertube)

The easy way to watch videos with your friends.

https://opentogethertube.com/

# Deployment

### Prerequisites

This project targets node 16 and up.

### Setup

1. Clone this repo.
```
git clone https://github.com/dyc3/opentogethertube.git
```

2. Install redis

Ubuntu
```
sudo apt install redis
```

3. Install dependencies.
```
npm install -g yarn
yarn
```

4. Copy and fill out the configuration file
```
cp env/example.env env/production.env
```

**Please read the [config docs here](docs/config.md) for which options are required.**

5. Build Vue files so they can be served statically.
```
yarn run build
```

6. Run database migrations
```
NODE_ENV=production-sqlite yarn workspace ott-server run sequelize-cli db:migrate
```

7. Run the server.
```
NODE_ENV=production yarn start
```

You can also specify the port the server will listen on by setting the
`PORT` environment variable.

```
PORT=8080 NODE_ENV=production yarn start
```

## Docker

See the [Docker README](docker/README.md)

# Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Check out issues that have the "good first issue" label.

## Setting up your dev environment

### Prerequisites

This project targets node 16 and up.

### Setup

1. Fork this repo and clone it.
2. In a terminal, navigate to the `opentogethertube` folder and run
```
npm install -g yarn
yarn
```
3. Next you need to set up your configuration. Start by copying the example
config in the `env` folder to a new file called `development.env`
```
cp env/example.env env/development.env
```
4. Create a new project on [Google Cloud](https://console.cloud.google.com)
5. Add "YouTube Data API v3" and "Google Drive API" to the project
6. Obtain a YouTube API key
7. Obtain a Google Drive API key
	- _Not necessary if you don't plan to stream videos from Google Drive, which you probably shouldn't do anyway because Google doesn't like that._
8. Open `env/development.env` and replace `API_KEY_GOES_HERE` with the appropriate api key.
9. Initialize your local database.
```
yarn workspace ott-server run sequelize-cli db:migrate
```
10. Install [redis](https://redis.io). This is used to store room state and user sessions across server restarts.

## Testing

To run the unit test suite, run
```
yarn test
```

To run the e2e component test suite, run
```
yarn run cy:run --component
```

To run the e2e test suite, run
```
yarn run cy:run
```

However, while you're developing, you'll probably want to run the tests in headed mode. To do this, run
```
yarn run cy:open
```
This works for both the component and e2e tests.

## How to run

This project has 2 main components: the client and the server. You can run
both of them simultaneously using the command
#### Linux / Mac
```
yarn run dev
```
#### Windows
```
yarn run dev-windows
```

Sometimes, you may want to run them seperately so you can use breakpoints to
debug. Using VSCode, this is trivial.

To start the server: `Debug > Select "Launch Program" > Start`

To start the client: `yarn workspace ott-client serve`

Commit message:

Better Config (#849)
* add convict for config management

* remove unused config vars from docs

* add most config options to convict schema

* add toml parsing

* load new configs

* tweak config schema

* update config usages

* update config usages

* update documentation around configuration

* add docker and heroku vars to config schema

* update some config usages

* use our config instead of sequelize style config for database connection

idk if this approach is going to work but I'm gonna try

* make base config optional

* add base configs for docker and heroku environments

* hack: try using a script to copy the base config instead

* disable old config validation

* fix typo

* Revert "hack: try using a script to copy the base config instead"

This reverts commit ae2b06448413bc6340d0c09ac323b46312f51a4b.

* load docker/heroku base configs before base config, if relevant

* fix environment vars not being loaded

* fix unnecessary type casts

* update

* update config usages in api.js

* deprecate stuff in admin module

* fix discord client id config

* make redis clients get configured from new config

* replace most remaining usages of process.env

* remove dotenv

* remove dev docker compose files

* update docker stuff

* make sequellize migrations work

* change default db name

* fix docker stuff

* properly deprecate old postgres env vars

* update docker docs

* update readme

* remove old config docs

* remove old config validation code

* fix lint

* hard code a session secret for test environment

README.md, after:

# OpenTogetherTube

[![CI/CD](https://github.com/dyc3/opentogethertube/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/dyc3/opentogethertube/actions/workflows/main.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/dyc3/opentogethertube/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/dyc3/opentogethertube)
[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=dyc3_opentogethertube&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=dyc3_opentogethertube)
[![Docker size](https://img.shields.io/docker/image-size/dyc3/opentogethertube)](https://hub.docker.com/r/dyc3/opentogethertube)

The easy way to watch videos with your friends.

https://opentogethertube.com/

# Deployment

### Prerequisites

This project targets node 16 and up.

### Setup

1. Clone this repo.
```
git clone https://github.com/dyc3/opentogethertube.git
```

2. Install redis

Ubuntu
```
sudo apt install redis
```

3. Install dependencies.
```
npm install -g yarn
yarn
```

4. Copy and fill out the configuration file
```
cp env/example.toml env/production.toml
```

**Please read the [config docs here](docs/config.md) for which options are required.**

5. Build Vue files so they can be served statically.
```
yarn run build
```

6. Run database migrations
```
NODE_ENV=production-sqlite yarn workspace ott-server run sequelize-cli db:migrate
```

7. Run the server.
```
NODE_ENV=production yarn start
```

You can also specify the port the server will listen on by setting the
`PORT` environment variable.

```
PORT=8080 NODE_ENV=production yarn start
```

## Docker

See the [Docker README](docker/README.md)

# Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Check out issues that have the "good first issue" label.

## Setting up your dev environment

### Prerequisites

This project targets node 16 and up.

### Setup

1. Fork this repo and clone it.
2. In a terminal, navigate to the `opentogethertube` folder and run
```
npm install -g yarn
yarn
```
3. Next you need to set up your configuration. Start by copying the example
config in the `env` folder to a new file called `development.toml`
```
cp env/example.toml env/development.toml
```
4. Create a new project on [Google Cloud](https://console.cloud.google.com)
5. Add "YouTube Data API v3" and "Google Drive API" to the project
6. Obtain a YouTube API key
7. Obtain a Google Drive API key
	- _Not necessary if you don't plan to stream videos from Google Drive, which you probably shouldn't do anyway because Google doesn't like that._
8. Open `env/development.toml` and put in the appropriate api keys.
9. Initialize your local database.
```
yarn workspace ott-server run sequelize-cli db:migrate
```
10.  Install [redis](https://redis.io). This is used to store room state and user sessions across server restarts.

## Testing

To run the unit test suite, run
```
yarn test
```

To run the e2e component test suite, run
```
yarn run cy:run --component
```

To run the e2e test suite, run
```
yarn run cy:run
```

However, while you're developing, you'll probably want to run the tests in headed mode. To do this, run
```
yarn run cy:open
```
This works for both the component and e2e tests.

## How to run

This project has 2 main components: the client and the server. You can run
both of them simultaneously using the command
#### Linux / Mac
```
yarn run dev
```
#### Windows
```
yarn run dev-windows
```

Sometimes, you may want to run them seperately so you can use breakpoints to
debug. Using VSCode, this is trivial.

To start the server: `Debug > Select "Launch Program" > Start`

To start the client: `yarn workspace ott-client serve`
